formatting and cleanup. (#541)
canonical-web-and-design/jaas-dashboard: README.md

see `juju help <command>` for detailed option output.

## Developing the dashboard

Assuming you already have [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) installed, you can simply run;

```
./run
```

> ...and view the site locally at: http://localhost:8036/. Any changes to the code will be auto built and reloaded in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
...and view the site locally at: http://localhost:8036/. Any changes you make to the code will be automatically recompiled and reloaded in the browser.
```

  - `juju dashboard` and take note of the ip:port
  - `ssh -fN -L *:17070:0:17070 ubuntu@10.223.241.32` Where the "10." ip is replaced with the ip from the output of the `juju dashboard` command.

### Writing tests

...coming soon...

> ### Developer notes

Reviewer: Can we remove until we have something for here?

Author: The updating CRA segment is under this title :)
